13:54 02.02.2007
Permanent news address: http://www.regnum.ru/english/776331.html

Yellow-orange snow arrived in Siberia under wind from Kazakhstan

The snow colored yellow and orange with oily slicks and musty smell
was registered not only in Omsk Region but in Tomsk Region as well, a
REGNUM correspondent was told today by head of Novosibirsk Center for
Pollution Monitoring Viktor Chirkov. 

According to him, the snow similar to the precipitation in Omsk Region
was found in northern areas of Tomsl Region. 

“Now we are examining the situation and have preliminary results,”
Chirkov said. “All tests are being analyzed. We brought them to Moscow
and anywhere else. When we have a final result, when we know exactly
what was the reason, then we shall speak on it.” 

According to Chirkov, residents of areas where the odd snow fell “do
not fall into panics, although there were some complains of headaches
and brash.” 

As a REGNUM correspondent was told by spokesman for Novosibirsk
Hydrometeorology and Environment Monitoring Center Renad Yagudin, on
the day when the snow fell, the wind was from south-west, from
direction of Kazakhstan, Central Asia. As Yagudin supposed, some
chemical agent could be taken from areas in Kazakhstan and be
transferred to areas in Omsk and Tomsk regions. “What is the agent?
Where from it comes? Who knows, maybe it is somehow connected with
functioning of Baikonur space launching pad? A complex investigation
is being carried out.” 

Earlier, on January 31, snow colored from light yellow to orange and
with oily slicks and musty smell fell in five districts of Omsk Region
(Russia). Under preliminary reports, the territory covered by the
colored snow is about 1,500 square kilometers. 1,200 households are
located in the territory, where about 28,000 people live. 

© 1999-2007 REGNUM News Agency
Registration certificate No. El 77-6430 of the 6th August, 2002
All materials reprinted from the site must link to REGNUM News Agency
