Sunday evening , the hurricane was about 1,300 miles east of the
Leeward Islands , at the eastern edge of the Caribbean , and moving
west-northwest at near 10 mph , according to the National Hurricane
Center in Miami .

The hurricane was about 350 miles wide with a distinct eye and could
widen as the storm enters the same atmospheric conditions of weak
upper-level winds and warm ocean water that produced Floyd 's huge
proportions

The last severe Atlantic hurricane was Hurricane Fifi , which killed
8,000-10,000 people in Honduras in 1974 .

00 GMT , the center of the hurricane was about 330 kilometers
east-northeast of Barbuda at latitude 19.1 north , longitude 58.9 west

The hurricane is causing low pressure on the coasts of Tamaulipas and
Veracruz , resulting in storms in the south of the country and rains
in the center of Mexico .

The hurricane was moving west at 22 mph -LRB- 35 kph -RRB- and was
expected to continue on the same course for the next 24 hours , which
would carry it toward the Windward Islands .

`` To get a $ 50 billion hurricane , you need two things : a
tremendously powerful storm , and ... the storm to make landfall in a
populated area .

Wednesday , tropical storm force winds exceeding 39 miles an hour
along the North Carolina coast will increase to hurricane force
Wednesday morning as Hurricane Bonnie nears the Outer Banks .

The hurricane also threatened to damage Cuba 's sugar cane fields ,
due to start harvesting in early december .

the people of those countries affected will , with the support of the
international community , overcome the difficulties caused by the
hurricane and rebuild their homes under the leadership of their
governments

Strong rip currents associated with the hurricane caught swimmers by
surprise Tuesday at Kure Beach , N.C.

WASHINGTON , November 5 -LRB- Xinhua -RRB- -- Hurricane Mitch , ,
became the deadliest Atlantic hurricane in more than 200 years .

A major hurricane with 155 mph winds could leave 1,400 dead and
125,000 homeless along the Texas Gulf Coast

reduces the effective surface wind speed , thereby sparing the coast
from the brunt of an offshore hurricane

The center of the hurricane was located about 370 miles southwest of
the Pacific coast resort of Manzanillo , and was traveling west -- out
to sea -- at about 8 mph , according to the hurricane center .

the hurricane has caused serious damage to three districts of Lazaro
Cardenas and affected at least 15 others

Total losses caused by the hurricane was estimated by the government
at some 200 million U.S. dollars .

The Cuban President Fidel Castro visited the provinces most affected
by the hurricane .

The hurricane has killed about 300 people so far in the Dominican
Republic , Haiti , Cuba and Puerto Rico .

Florence , , could regenerate into a hurricane as it slowly moves away
from the United States

colleagues `` made the comment that it 's just a matter of time before
the nation sees a $ 50 billion -LRB- damage-causing -RRB- hurricane

Hurricane Bonnie will make its closest approach to these areas late
Wednesday night and on Thursday .

Prior to Hurricane Hugo in 1989 , `` no hurricane had resulted in
claims in excess of $ 1 billion

But the Mexico 's southern mountains would weaken the hurricane as it
moves towards Mexico 's inland

The hurricane crossed Central America through Nicaraguan territory The
authorities suspended domestic and international flights because of
the hurricane .

electric power service interrupted by the hurricane in some zones

a category-five hurricane passed through Houston

The Olympic yachting venues have experience for hurricane .

`` If it stays over warmer water it will still remain a significant hurricane . ''

it could continue to strengthen and become a major hurricane in three days

the hurricane expected to move in a northwesterly direction along the coast



